{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf760
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red65\green65\blue65;\red0\green0\blue0;\red43\green45\blue47;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c25490\c25490\c25490;\csgenericrgb\c0\c0\c0;\csgenericrgb\c16863\c17647\c18431;
}
\vieww12240\viewh15840\viewkind1
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 Cosmetic Dentistry
\f1\b0\fs22 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl288\slmult1\sb90\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 Cosmetic dentistry is one of the most cost-effective ways to improve your appearance. A beautiful, bright, healthy smile will increase self-confidence and overall life satisfaction. Cosmetic dentistry includes things like tooth-colored restorations, dental implants, and crowns. We have many options, so please call us today!\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 Implant Dentistry\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 Dental implants are a great option for replacing missing teeth, improving chewing ability, eliminating bridges, and replacing dentures.\
\
Several implants may provide a base for a series of artificial teeth known as a fixed bridge. Implants can even be used to secure a full set of removable dentures for people who have no remaining natural teeth.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 \
Pinhole Surgical Technique\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 How Does the Chao Pinhole Surgical Technique\'ae Work?\
\
Traditional gum recession treatments involve the use of donor tissue or soft tissue grafts in order to rebuild the gumline. This involves suturing the soft tissue into place so it can heal onto your existing gum tissue.\
\
The Chao Pinhole Surgical Technique uses a small needle to pierce the patients existing gum tissue. This small hole allows specialized instruments to gently loosen existing tissue and allows the gumline to expand and cover the exposed root structure.\
\
There are no grafts, sutures or incisions needed when using this new technique. It simply involves an adjustment of the patients existing gum tissues.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl-540\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf3 Sedation
\f0\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf3 Sedation dentistry is an excellent treatment for patients with extensive dental needs, or who are concerned about anxiety, difficulty getting numb, or sensitive teeth.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b \cf3 Sleep Apnea \
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf3 Obstructive sleep apnea occurs when the airway completely collapses, blocking airflow into the lungs. The harder one tries to breathe, the tighter the airway seals. This airway obstruction persists until the brain partially awakens the person, unconsciously closing the jaw and returning the tongue and throat to a normal position.
\f0\b \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Veneers\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 Veneers are very thin porcelain pieces that are custom made to adhere directly to the front of teeth without grinding or shaving. Transform your smile without drilling on your natural teeth!\
\
In the hands of a highly skilled dentist, porcelain laminates can provide you with an incredibly natural, beautiful smile. They are virtually undetectable and can dramatically improve your appearance. They are durable and long-lasting when compared to other cosmetic treatments.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf3 Cosmetic Dentures\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf3 A well made denture is not only comfortable and functions properly; it also allows the wearer to smile with confidence, knowing that their smile is no different than it would be with natural teeth. Creating a cosmetic denture is really an art in the hands of a skilled dentist like Dr. Slovan.\
\

\f0\b \cf0 Smile-Whitening\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 Many everyday things like coffee, tea and wine can significantly dull teeth. Smile-whitening enables us to significantly brighten your smile for that dazzling white smile you deserve.\
\
Plastic whitening trays will be made from models of your teeth. You will then place a special whitening gel in each tray and wear the trays in your mouth for several hours per day. (Many patients wear their trays after dinner and before bed.) A significant change in tooth color is usually seen in just four to six weeks.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 Family Care\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 From toddlers to the elderly, our skilled dental team is familiar with the unique needs of every patient, no matter their age. Our goal is to help them develop great oral habits that will last them a lifetime.\
\
Join us today and discover how our practice can help treat your entire family.\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
}